//SPAM DETECTION : classification problem 
what is SPAM mail ?? 
unwanted msgs sent in bulk . mainly commercial .
Spammers collect email addresses from chat rooms, websites, customer lists, newsgroups, and viruses that harvest
users' address books. These collected email addresses are sometimes also sold to other spammer

Phishing: entering personal information on fake Web sites .
Gmail creates a unique model per-user and ensembles the personalized model w/ a global model across all Gmail accounts.
*which classification model is used* you should consider *which features are used* by email account providers 
for modeling whether an email is spam or not.

Most obvious features include : open rate , click rate , reply rate , complaint rate ,
aggregations by sending IP, domain, from address, friendly from.



In cryptography, message forgery is the sending of a message to deceive the recipient as to whom the real sender is.
A common example is sending a spam e-mail as if it were originated from an address other than the one which was really used.
Email spoofing is the creation of email messages with a forged sender address.
 it is common for spam and phishing emails to use such spoofing to mislead the recipient about the origin of the message.
 
 
 
 common ML algo in use :
 1.Naive Bayes algorithm (called “bag of words)
 ::: is one of the most well-known supervised algorithms.  ham and spam 
 Bayes' theorem is a formula that describes how to update the probabilities of hypotheses when given evidence. 
 It follows simply from the axioms of conditional probability.
 
 (i) : Initially calculates the probabilities of ham and spam classes.
 (ii) : Next, calculates the probabilities of ham and spam for each word.
 
 // R language :  try fiddling with the naiveBayes() in e1071 package.
 
 
 in response to this , spammers started sending images :P
 Sent pictures have textual information but this information cannot be processed,
 because of an inappropriate format of textual based machine learning algorithms. 
 Researchers responded this action using image processing techniques in order to 
 gather words from images, before running machine learning algorithms.
  attackers locate text in images in different angles to make it harder to recognize. 




Logistic regression, SVM and Random Forest are other options that you can 
try but probably you will not face a need to go there.
